Add instruction detail (#38)
codeforamerica/brigade-project-index: docs/README.md

## How to Get Involved

- Tag your projects on github!
  - Make sure your brigade's projects are listed in the index ([instructions](./contributing/list-brigade-projects.md))

>   - Using the github "Topics", tag your project directly in github with #code-for-america and your brigade tag (e.g. code-for-sf). Then include tags from this list:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bu18qYQjixoWQWhhXoEEd5KT0QbpDxxvdEEITvq5XgI/edit#gid=0.

Reviewer: This list is an old compilation, and we only want people using "issues addressed" tags as "topics". I think it would be better to link here: https://github.com/codeforamerica/civic-tech-taxonomy/tree/master/issues-addressed as that's where the latest list of official topic tags will always live

Author: @themightychris that was what was already there-- would you mind if I just ditched that text altogether and linked to the explanation instead?  It's covered there anyway

Reviewer: not sure what you mean, I'm just gonna go ahead and merge this for now so we can look at the docs published, we can do a follow-up PR to adjust this and the other item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Using the github "Topics", tag your project directly in github with #code-for-america and your brigade tag (e.g. code-for-sf). Then include any relevant topic tags from [this list](https://github.com/codeforamerica/civic-tech-taxonomy/tree/master/issues-addressed).
```
